README.md, before:

# common-passwords

With `commonpass.py` you can quickly generate a relatively short wordlist of common (weak) passwords for a target organisation and service. By default, about 300 passwords are returned based on common patterns (for example `<company><year>!`).

## Usage

```
> python3 commonpass.py -h

usage: commonpass.py [-h] [--min-length MIN_LENGTH] [--lang LANG] organisation service

Generate common weak passwords.

positional arguments:
  organisation          Organisation name
  service               Service name

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --min-length MIN_LENGTH
                        Minimum password length
  --lang LANG           Language code, "de" or "en"
```

## Example

```
> python3 commonpass.py acme email
acme
acme!
acme!!
acme2.0
acme123
acme123!
acme2020
acme2020!
acme2020!!
...
Email4Acme
Email4Acme!
Email4Acme!!
Email4Acme2.0
Email4Acme123
Email4Acme123!
...
Winter2020
Winter2020!
Winter2020!!
Winter2021
Winter2021!
Winter2021!!
```

## Installation

You only need Python 3. No additional dependencies necessary.

## For non-security people

If this tool generates any password that you are using on any real service, please consider your password very weak and change it immediately :-)

## Disclaimer

The tool is a helper script for password audits. Please use the generated wordlists only for authorized security assessments or learning challenges (like CTFs). Please do not use this tool for any illegal purposes.

Commit message:

adding custom year option to cover common passwords including a founding year, like Company1997

README.md, after:

# common-passwords

With `commonpass.py` you can quickly generate a relatively short wordlist of common (weak) passwords for a target organisation and service. By default, about 300 passwords are returned based on common patterns (for example `<company><year>!`).

## Usage

```
> python3 commonpass.py -h

usage: commonpass.py [-h] [--year YEAR] [--min-length MIN_LENGTH] [--lang LANG] organisation service

Generate common weak passwords.

positional arguments:
  organisation          Organisation or product name
  service               Service name

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --year YEAR           Custom year, e.g. founding year of the organisation. Only applies to the org pattern.
  --min-length MIN_LENGTH
                        Minimum password length
  --lang LANG           Language code, "de" or "en"
```

## Example

```
> python3 commonpass.py acme email
acme
acme!
acme!!
acme2.0
acme123
acme123!
acme2020
acme2020!
acme2020!!
...
Email4Acme
Email4Acme!
Email4Acme!!
Email4Acme2.0
Email4Acme123
Email4Acme123!
...
Winter2020
Winter2020!
Winter2020!!
Winter2021
Winter2021!
Winter2021!!
```

## Installation

You only need Python 3. No additional dependencies necessary.

## For non-security people

If this tool generates any password that you are using on any real service, please consider your password very weak and change it immediately :-)

## Disclaimer

The tool is a helper script for password audits. Please use the generated wordlists only for authorized security assessments or learning challenges (like CTFs). Please do not use this tool for any illegal purposes.
